eyes. Let me look at you. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. The keys are in the trunk. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. We do now. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Hello. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. That's good advice, Marty. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? No, bastards. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Crazy drunk drivers. Take care. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Go. Go. Jesus. Leave me alone. No, Doc. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah, it's 8:00.
