rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Where the hell are they. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I followed you. C'mon, c'mon. Why not? Who, who? Hey boy, are you alright? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. We never would have fallen in love. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Go. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Stop it. Yeah. You too. Keys? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Okay. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. How's your head? Ahh. What was it, George, bird watching? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. I will. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore
