there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Doc? Hello, Jennifer. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Unroll their fire. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Oh, just a little weather experiment. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Uh, coast guard. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Breakfast. Uh? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Doc. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Oh yes sir. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Science Fiction Theater. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Biff. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Ah well, sort of. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Now Biff, don't con me. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Ho, you mean you're gonna
