Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Children. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Who, who? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Doc, is that a de- Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. George. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. George. Doc. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Who, who? Unroll their fire. Are you gonna order something, kid? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Right. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. No, bastards. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. We do now. Leave her alone, you bastard. George. Biff. Let's put him in there. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. George. George. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I think we need a rematch. George. George. Damn. I'm late for school. Oh. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two
