don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. You don't understand. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Yeah, who are you? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Uh, well, I gotta go. Ohh, no. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Yeah. Uh, well, I gotta go. Excuse me. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. This is for all you lovers out there. Ahh. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. No. Well, they're bigger than me. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Marty, such a nice name. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? That's George McFly. Right. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? What, what? Alright, we're the pinheads. Nothing. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Yet. Wow, you must be rich. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Hello. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. You're George McFly. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Don't tell me anything. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Right. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Huh? Where were we. Yeah. That's good advice, Marty. Hey. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we
