Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, exactly. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I think we need a rematch. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I followed you. Do you mind if we park for a while? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Hey boy, are you alright? Are those my clocks I hear? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Well uh, good, fine. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hello. Alright, we're the pinheads. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Watch it, Goldie. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. What? No, Doc. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Damn. I'm late for school. Good morning, Mom. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- What you got under here? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of
