must prepare to reload. Well uh, good, fine. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. That ain't no airplane, look. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hi, Marty. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. What? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. He's your brother, Mom. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. What? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Yeah. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nuttcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Say that again. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Okay Doc, this is it. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Jennifer. Right about here. Never? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Will you take care of that? Flux capacitor. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Keys? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Take care. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Where were we. Believe me, Marty, you're
