asleep, did you? I have a feeling too. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Stop it. Right. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Are you okay? McFly. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Take care. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Yoo. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hi, Marty. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hey boy, are you alright? What the hell is a gigawatt? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Go. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. That ain't no airplane, look. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Ohh, no. Right. Uh, yeah. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Ahh. Oh, what I meant to day was- I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. That's Strickland.
