everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. What did I just say? Wrecked? When did this happen and- I don't wanna see you in here again. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I'm gonna be at the dance. I said the keys are in here. Uh, Doc. Holy shit. We never would have fallen in love. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Nothing's coming to my mind. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Keys? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? It's my dad. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Where the hell are they. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Wrecked? Save the clock tower. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I just wanna use the phone. She's just trying to keep you respectable. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Right. Wait a minute. Did you hurt your head? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Look,
