Who is that guy. Yeah okay. Uh, yeah. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I'll get it back to you, alright? Jesus. Wrecked? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. We all make mistakes in life, children Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. We never would have fallen in love. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hello. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. About how far ahead are you going? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Right check, Doc. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. The hell you doing to my car? Bet your ass it works. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Marty, you didn't fall
