better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. McFly. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Thanks, thanks a lot. Shit. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. What's the meaning of this. Hello. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Okay Doc, this is it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Because, you might regret it later in life. Yeah. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Good morning, Mom. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. You'll find out. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Look, you gotta listen to me. Huh? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. It's about the future, isn't it? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Are you gonna order something, kid? Marty, you made it. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Actually, people call me Marty. Safe now, everything's let lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about
